Create account-owned-tokens.mdx (#17078)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/fundamentals/account-owned-tokens.mdx

---
{}

---

import { Render } from "~/components"

> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Account Owned Tokens are a first step that Cloudflare is taking in order to represent service principals in our service, and they are being released currently as an Open Beta.
> Engineers across the company are working to ensure that all features eventually become compatible with Account Owned Tokens, but have a short compatability list below.
> If you are working with a service that is not currently supported by account owned tokens please continue to use the existing user tokens.
> User tokens will continue to work, and we do not have plans to deprecate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Account Owned Tokens are the first step that Cloudflare is taking to represent service principals in our service, and it is currently being released in open beta.

Cloudflare is working to ensure that all features eventually become compatible with Account Owned Tokens, but have a short compatibility list below.

If you are working with a service that is not currently supported by Account Owned Tokens, it is recommended that you continue to use the existing user tokens.

User tokens will continue to work and we do not have plans to deprecate them.
```

> Account Owned Tokens will be visible for Super Administrators of accounts on the Cloudflare dashboard via **Manage Account** > **API Tokens**.
> The existing token creation UI is available, and can also be accessed from the API at /accounts/<accountID>/tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Account Owned Tokens will be visible for Super Administrators of accounts on the Cloudflare dashboard via **Manage Account** > **API Tokens**.

You can still create tokens using the Cloudflare dashboard, and it can also be accessed via the API at `/accounts/<accountID>/tokens`
```

> Try using Account Owned Tokens specifically in these scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try using Account Owned Tokens specifically in these scenarios:
```

> 1. You require business continuity when managing tokens as a team of super administrators
> 2. You need to restrict API access on your account, and want to centralize visibility and management of these tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You require business continuity when managing tokens as a team of super administrators.
- You need to restrict API access on your account and want to centralize visibility and management of these tokens.
```

---
{}

---

import { Render } from "~/components"

Account Owned Tokens are the first step that Cloudflare is taking to represent service principals in our service, and it is currently being released in open beta.

Cloudflare is working to ensure that all features eventually become compatible with Account Owned Tokens, but have a short compatibility list below.

If you are working with a service that is not currently supported by Account Owned Tokens, it is recommended that you continue to use the existing user tokens.

User tokens will continue to work and we do not have plans to deprecate them.

Account Owned Tokens will be visible for Super Administrators of accounts on the Cloudflare dashboard via **Manage Account** > **API Tokens**.

You can still create tokens using the Cloudflare dashboard, and it can also be accessed via the API at `/accounts/<accountID>/tokens`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
